Add troubleshoot help to install NuGet packages (#19542)
github/docs: content/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-nuget-registry.md

If you're using a nuspec file, ensure that it has a `repository` element with the required `type` and `url` attributes.

> Using a `GITHUB_TOKEN` for authentication in a GitHub action to install a NuGet package from another repository will fail. The `GITHUB_TOKEN` is repository-scoped. Use a personal access token (PAT) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a `GITHUB_TOKEN` to authenticate to a {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} registry within a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow, the token cannot access private repository-based packages in a different repository other than where the workflow is running in. To access packages associated with other repositories, instead generate a PAT with the `read:packages scope` and pass this token in as a secret.
```
